support for multiple volume groups (#132)
cybozu-go/topolvm: docs/topolvm-scheduler.md

        "prioritizeVerb": "prioritize",
        "managedResources":
        [{
          "name": "topolvm.io/capacity",
          "ignoredByScheduler": true
        }],
        "nodeCacheCapable": false
    }]
}
```

> As it showed, only pods that request `topolvm.io/capacity` resource are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown, only pods that request `topolvm.io/capacity` resource are
```

`divisor` can be changed with `divisor` command-line flag.

<!-- TODO -->

Command-line flags
------------------

| Name      | Type    | Default                       | Description            |
| --------- | ------- | ----------------------------: | ---------------------- |
| `listen`  | string  | `:8000`                       | HTTP listening address |

> | `config`  | float64 | `/etc/topolvm/scheduler.yaml` | Config file path       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config`  | string | `/etc/topolvm/scheduler.yaml` | Config file path       |
```
